Part 1 : 

Write some pyspark programs to read a parquet file . 

Scenerio : 

       P1 : We got huge data in s3 ( for now assume locally). 
            Before doing anything we can record some statistics like the counts , file format etc . 
            Create an output file as record.json with the format as - 
                {
                  'format':'', 
                  'count':''  
                  'status':''
                }


       P2: Now do a data cleansing activity .
            This should read the record.json file along with input file .
            If the status in record.json is valid then perform the below activity else exit the program with exception as "Data is not correct" 
            The Names should be capitalised .
            The date should be uniform ( DD-MM-YYYY)
            Null should be replaced with Unknown for text field , 0 for numeric fields.
            
       P3:
          
           Transformations :
           do some aggregations ( it should however defined clearly , but for now u assume)
           save the result as parquet to some location 

       P4:
           Create Dynamic table as tablename_<date>
           Create a table in Mysql having the fields as the output in P4 
           
       P5:     
           Write the data into the MYSQL table .     


Part 2 : 
  
       Now we have 5 pyspark programs and now it should be run in a single pipeline . 
       All tasks are dependent on each other , means a failure in one means the pipeline should stop .

       To orchestrate the pipeline we have various options :

            1. Oozie ( obsolete now , so not using this)
            2. Airflow ( beautiful choice , but not yet reached there)
            3. Shell-script ( Yes , we will start from here )

                 -- We will create a shell script which will simply run the system commands as

                    sh("spark-submit P1.py")
                    check last command completion status and based on that 
                    sh("spark-submit P2.py")
                    ....
                    so on 

                No worries , I will provide the script . 
                We initially started orchestrating with shell-script only , so good to know , though you won't use it . 

                
                    
